Add asynchronous versions of most embedded-hal traits using GATs (#285)
rust-embedded/embedded-hal: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Added `IoPin` trait for pins that can change between being inputs or outputs
  dynamically.

> - Added `futures` module that contains async traits (using unstable GATs) for I2C, RNG, Serial, SPI, and Timers.

Reviewer: Could you mention here that it is behind the `unstable-futures` flag?

> - Added `futures` module that contains async traits (using unstable GATs) for I2C, RNG, Serial, SPI, and Timers.

Reviewer: Could you mention here that it is behind the `unstable-futures` flag?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `futures` module that contains asynchronous traits (using currently unstable GATs) for I2C, RNG, Serial, SPI, and Timers. These traits are behind the feature flag `unstable-futures`. The `futures` module currently needs Rust nightly and it is not included in `embedded-hal`'s SemVer guarantees. We may release breaking changes in any patch release. If you use this module, please use an `=1.x.x` crate version specification.
```

Author: This looks great
